updated last meta (#42)
dashpay/docs-core: docs/dashcore/wallet-arguments-and-commands.md

```{eval-rst}
.. _dashcore-arguments-and-commands:
.. meta::

>   :title: Dash Wallet Arguments and Commnads
>   :description: All command-line options (except for -conf) may be specified in a configuration file, and all configuration file options may also be specified on the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :title: Dash Core Arguments and Commands
  :description: Overview of arguments and commands for the components distributed with Dash Core, including dashd, dash-qt, and dash-cli.
```
